[enterprise-4.15] Add more OLM bug text for 4.15 RN (#71974)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

+
This update adds the optional `operatorframework.io/bundle-unpack-min-retry-interval` annotation for Operator groups. This annotation sets a minimum interval to wait before attempting to re-create the failed job. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-6771[*OCPBUGS-6771*])

* In Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), the Catalog Operator was logging many errors regarding missing `OperatorGroup` objects in namespaces that had no Operators installed. With this fix, if a namespace has no `Subscription` objects in it, OLM no longer checks if an `OperatorGroup` object is present in the namespace. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-25330[*OCPBUGS-25330*])

* With the security context constraint (SCC) API, users are able to configure security contexts for scheduling workloads on their cluster. Because parts of core {product-title} components run as pods that are scheduled on control plane nodes, it is possible to create a SCC that prevents those core components from being properly scheduled in `openshift-*` namespaces.
+

> This bug fix reduces the RBAC scope for the `openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager` service account used to run the `package-server-manager` core component. With this update, it is now significantly less likely that an SCC can be applied to the cluster that will cause unexpected scheduling issues with the `package-server-manager` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bug fix reduces the role-based access control (RBAC) scope for the `openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager` service account used to run the `package-server-manager` core component. With this update, it is now significantly less likely that an SCC can be applied to the cluster that causes unexpected scheduling issues with the `package-server-manager` component.
```
